I pulled the trigger on a late night
impulse buy again and this time it's a
fully automatic Orbeez shooter I settled
on the unlocked pistol V2 it comes with
a 700 round magazine which I found fits
almost 700 rounds a pair of safety
glasses 2,800 BRS of their gel ball
ammunition and a kind of scary charger
it looks like a regular USB micro b but
it's 7.4 Volts for the integrated
lithium ion battery so don't plun this
into anything else load them into the
magazine pop it in flip off the safety
and then now just like when I was a kid
the only problem left is who am I going
to play with except unlike when I was a
kid I can afford a whole box of them all
right guys I want a nice clean
match it doesn't actually hurt that bad
from a distance but I could tell if
you're closer it probably
sinks
face at this price though I'll let you
be the judge